so if we know that our body is acidic is
too acidic how quickly can we turn that
around and change that you know the body
is very forgiving in fact in the world
of epigenetics you can change the
expression of genetics by simply
changing your lifestyle and diet and it
only takes two weeks a lot of the sugar
cravings and most folks don't realize
that sugar is a metabolic waste product
it's a dietary waste product of
metabolism and a food that's breaking
down sugars increase these sugars if
they are not eliminated can build up and
cause destruction within our bodies so
the body is very forgiving for someone
who's in the first four steps or stages
of acidosis you can resolve this and
within a few weeks up to 12 weeks if
you're dealing with a degenerative
condition like a stage 4 metastatic
cancer that may take a few months maybe
six months up to a year but it depends
on your particular condition and how
fast the body is beginning this process
of eliminating its own waste products
but it's more than that it's not about
just eliminating your waste products
it's building the most important organ
of the human body and that's the blood
the blood is a living liquid organ that
is our life and our health is in direct
relationship to the health of the blood
so eating foods a raw green plant-based
diet is the best diet to begin building
healthy blood and then restoring the
organs and the tissues because all of
our organs and tissues and glands are
made from our blood and that blood the
focal primary site of that blood
production is made in the crypts of the
small intestine
what I affectionately call the root
system of our body when that part of our
body is healthy and strong we build
healthy blood and an intern from there
we build healthy body cells that build
up our organs and tissues and glands so
there are many ways to get our body more
alkaline what are what are some of the
first steps somebody should go through
to - to start that process well the most
dynamic way that we can improve our
health is simply change the water that
we're drinking that water must be clean
be purified it must be functionally
structured and I'm using big words here
but when I meet isis functionally
structure I mean water that is not
clustered together you see water has a
tendency to cluster together we know the
molecule h2o but when you're drinking
water you're not drinking h2o you're
drinking 20 to 40 h2o molecules that are
all clustered together so when you drink
water for people who have problems
drinking water it feels heavy when they
drink it is because it's all clustered
together can't permeate the cell can't
permeate the membranes so you want to
have a functionally structured water
where we split the water apart into a
mono molecular state where you're
drinking maybe 3 to 5 molecules of water
for each you know glass of water it's
all it's all broken apart and at that
time also we need to drink water that's
saturated with what our bodies are run
on and that's electrons we're a body
electric our bodies do not run on
carbohydrates or proteins or fats or
calories they run on electrical energy
and those electrons are loaded in
alkaline water in fact that's what makes
water alkaline it's it's saturation of
electrons what makes water acid is when
it's saturated with protons and that's
the duality of life electrical energy
charge when we go out and we buy
batteries we buy the alkaline batteries
right when we recharge our cell phones
when we recharge our computers and our
cameras
we're recharging it with the same life
force energy that we pull from the foods
we even the sunshine we absorb that
electrical potential we know that Sun
can be turn can be converted into
electrical energy
it's called solar power and the biggest
solar panel of our body is our skin it
literally absorbs that light force
converts it into electrical energy in
our bodies run from run on it did you
imagine if the Sun was to hide its face
all life would cease to exist on this
planet so yes we are a solar panel that
runs on electrical energy and we convert
electrons into that electrical energy in
fact that is the life force
that that we obtains the reason why I
eat I eat raw foods for its electrical
potential I also eat raw foods for its
chlorophyll content because that's the
primary molecule that builds healthy
blood so drinking alkaline water that's
saturated with electrons oxygen hydroxyl
ions those ROH - you said now you're
doing something positive for your body
you're recharging the body but you just
can't drink any water it has to be
functionally structured it's why I
created and invented a non electric
vortex ionization machine I've titled
the watermark and I I wanted to create
something that was affordable that
everyone could have so that they could
create this functionally structured
water so does somebody need an an
alkalizing machine or apparatus like
that for their water I mean you're not
going to get it out of your tap water or
out of your fridge filter or Bob or a
bottle water I mean is that the only way
that people can get that kind of water
is through something like that you have
to be conscious about the water you're
drinking if you're drinking bottled
water you're not getting in structured
or functionally structured water
you're not gonna get functionally
structured water out of your tap you're
absolutely correct
and because of Chernobyl because of
Fukushima you know and we're not what we
have in our water is radioactive iodine
we have cosmetics we have
pharmaceuticals
we have chlorine we have fluoride we
have all these poisons in our water
I mean we're drinking water now that's
polluted and our water tables polluted
on top of that so you have to you're
literally forced to be conscious about
the kind of water you're drinking
because you're not the water that you're
drinking will kill you can someone tell
the difference if they go into an
alkaline water regimen for a couple
weeks versus tap water will they be able
to tell that when you taste alkaline
functionally structured water with
electrons you'll feel a little tingle in
your mouth it's actually got a very
smooth taste - as well you go wow this
is different and then the way you feel
by drinking this water and this is what
we get from our amateur and professional
athletes that we put function e
structured alkaline water
I mean they crave this kind of water
when we put two types of waters down for
animals like a cat cats are very very
finicky about the kind of water they
drink they will not drink tap water when
you put functionally structured alkaline
water that's rich in electrons they
thrive on that water they drink it it's
amazing they are attracted think Tinley
to that water
you